hey YouTube what's up it's Ethan again
how y'all folks then I've been doing
pretty good ran a little fever too fever
today though so I mean other than that
I've been pretty good as you can see
here in front of us got some Winchester
Winchester some federal ammunition it's
all 2:23 let's get up on this one 223 do
a quick video here hopefully that make
quick I just want to let everybody know
what works best for me for Hall gun if
you watched in my other videos you know
I love to go hog on a few of my other
videos if you haven't watched them go
check them out please
but this is mainly what I use go hog
hunting these three rounds they work
great for me never had any problems this
winchester match two 2369 green
hollow-point boattail i love it
does a damn good job on them all let me
let me tell you 30 round magazine it's
not a clip people hush 30 round magazine
about 20 of these ten of these shit tear
hogs up left and right
she don't want drop them with this and
get a good shot on here to 2364 grain
powerpoint and this works real good and
i love it using probably my two favorite
rounds for hog gun shot all kinds of
different ones this says deer and
antelope but what the hell Geron
antelope that's what I have my seven
millimeter four seven by 57 that's what
I use for my deer and antelope even
though I've never been antelope um but
anyway we're here Federal Premium
ammunition so it says let's see to 2369
grain boat tail hollow point this is
pretty good
this was my latest try I guess I could
say on the latest ammunition from when I
went all gun it worked pretty good like
I said this would probably be my third
top
one of out of everything I've tried no
people get real I know they have the hog
hammer ammunition for hog hunting but
people get real you're just paying for
the name what you pay for one hog hammer
you can buy two of these super Xboxes
for get real 40 rounds or 20 around come
on people
hog hammers just I mean you know it
expands quite a bit yeah it's pretty
good but with this 69 grain hollow-point
boattail will do the hog hammer will do
don't waste your money on that this
works great of a ar-15 DPMS that's my
hog gun right there people love love
love my hog gun ar-15 DPMS gonna have to
do a review on it pretty soon I tell
y'all a little story here it's probably
three months ago I was at my lease lease
has a pretty decent sized tank on the in
the back of the property and let me tell
you hogs tear that uh yeah I know it's
winter and some people say oh they don't
root around in winter and why not well
that's a lot but anyways hogs tear that
tank up so I went down there I was deer
hunting didn't have my cell a ar-15 I
had my seven millimeter by 57 way down
there let me tell you I stirred up some
hogs hogs went running everywhere
dropped one shot another when he ran off
the little ways found him a little bit
later put another round in him he was
down let me tell you I ain't gonna lie I
was pretty scared bolt-action seven
millimeter seven by 57 I was just
shooting Remington 139 green but I ain't
gonna lie I was pretty scared with that
guns hogs are running everywhere this
whiny Mike ar-15 go down there and tear
him up like I said
this works great for me this is probably
my top choice 69 green hollow-point boat
a little drop them in their tracks you
hit them in a good spot next one is 64
grain super X Winchester power point
it's a helluva round I said I what I'd
normally do in my magazine 30 round
magazine no it's not a clip so hush
magazine every now and then I'll switch
out rounds I'll put this Winchester
Super X in then I'll put this Winchester
match in Super X match Super X match
switch it up a little bit if one ain't
working damn sure will but I haven't had
no problem they run great in my guns
damn good rounds in this Federal Premium
it's pretty decent that'll be it for
this video real quick I just made a
video but I'm going to show you anyway
Ruger lc9 I love it
wife just got home hired my son Ruger
lc9 love it haven't shot it yet I'm
gonna use it for my everyday carry seven
round magazine one in the chamber
that'll be it for this video please
subscribe like leave a comment later
peace out